Quick explanation of how to run the scampipe pipeline from the data directory:

If running the pipeline while SSH'd and you use OSX, make sure the following,
is enabled ON YOUR LOCAL COMPUTER:
% defaults write org.x.X11 wm_click_through -bool true 
This is for OSX 10.5 and later, I believe. 

This assumes you are in tcsh.  Do the following:

% source idlenv.txt

This will update the idl pipeline paths correctly for jacob's pipeline.
THIS WILL OVERWRITE YOUR USUAL IDL PATH FOR THIS SESSION.

Move biases, flats, and the galaxy's images for one filterall into one
working directory. Start IDL in this directory and run

> scampipe,filter='W-S-R+',flatType='DOMEFLAT'

Replacing the filter with whatever is appropriate. The pipeline
will give options. Start at the beginning, it doesn't seem to work correctly
when things are run out of order. However, once you've completed a step,
you can exit the session and begin it again that specific step.


Step 10 will ask you to do a rough astrometry correction. Click on a green
square, then click on the corresponding source. This step is sensitive,
so be careful not to accidentially click somewhere elsewhere on the window,
or you will have to restart. 

The mosaicing step uses Montage_v3.3.  I had a lot of trouble with the
paths for this step, so I just hard-coded the paths to use
/u/zach/montage/Montage_v3.3/bin/ 
If these don't work or give permission errors, let me (zach) know. 

At one point, this step will stop in IDL and ask you to run something manually.
Copy the command into a different window and run it. This will take several
minutes to complete. When the step is finished, go back into the IDL
window and type
> .c
to continue from where you left off. This is necessary because of the
way the paths work from within the IDL session. I don't know why this is, and
I'm sure there's a better solution, but this is my quick-fix. 

Finally, in the final step, the IDL script will ask for a name. I've been
addopting "galaxyname_filter.fits' as my convention. 






